gh-101640: Make argparse working in `pythonw` by dropping stderr writes there (#101802)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-02-09-22-24-34.gh-issue-101640.oFuEpB.rst

> :class:`argparse.ArgumentParser` no longer tries to use :data:`sys.stderr`
> when it is set to ``None``. Patch by Oleg Iarygin.

Reviewer: If you accept the suggestion above:
```suggestion
:class:`argparse.ArgumentParser` now catches errors when writing messages, such as when :data:`sys.stderr` is ``None``. Patch by Oleg Iarygin.
```
